OK.
So if I go on to our website all of these pages as it done safely responsive premium spa Feme for word
press at the top and that goes for the home page the blog page and any other pages that were going to
be crain's such as the latest news.
The contact was in about us.
So I want to make sure that the feature text at the top of the Page reflects what page Baronne rather
than a just been static text.
And the reason the same text on every page is because if we're only headed up his HP.
We've just got suttie case and I'll say I want a change to this video.
By adding a p HP function so delete all the text between the Peter legs.
But make sure the tags is still in place and then open up the HP And in the close and buckets.
We're going to add in our own custom function and I'm going to call this feature text.
The brackets and semicolon.
So that's all we need to do in.
We had a section on when to create this feature it's a function in the functions doppie HP.
Then it got onto the bottom of the functions page just underneath the last function but still in the
page petersburg's.
Make a little bit a room for ourselves.
So the function key word then a function name which was feature text in the brackets then pair of curly
braces.
So inside this function has going to be an F L statement.
So a press will be checking if a certain page is being viewed.
And if that certain page had been viewed then were going to set the correct text display in the feature
text.
So start off by using its statement.
So if is front page.
So for current of you in the front page then want to echo to the browser the text at which it cuts out
of the headers section which is fully responsive premium spa theme for wordpress so fully responsive.
Break time.
Premium spa fame.
Followed by the great tag for wordpress.
And say that.
Then just after the codebase there were going to use else if rather than else because we can use as
many else if we want So as we go through the website everytime we create a new page it's busy.
Contactless stage will create a new condition for that page and then we'll print out the appropriate
text so else if.
Then the curly braces.
So the condition for the blog is with check.
Is home.
So were press classes the home page as the area where the main blog posts are being displayed.
So we've got the front page we've got is home for the home of the blog posts and we'll check out the
browser and cynical and at the end of the first one too.
So I called the browser.
If it's the blog you want mr say tranquil spa official blog.
Okay.
Let's save that and take a look.
If this is work.
So refresh the WordPress website.
That seems to work and so far we've got the blog page selected and the text is changed to tranquil spa
fish blog now well buttered a whole page.
We'll get the original text that we set.
So that's all work and fine so we'll leave that for now and we'll keep on to the functions every time.
A new page.
The blog.
So fun to watch in.
And in the next video I'll create the page template to display the full single blog post.